---
title: "Week 5 Update"
---

## Progress Since Last Post
- Developed generalized csv and json parsing programs in python. These can be used with small and large datasets, and they can be reused for reading any file into a dataframe.
- I used the new json parser to save parquet files for chrome history and device information. Have not explored these datasets in detail yet.
- I extracted column headers from the HMDA data so I can begin to organize my thoughts on how to explore the data in more detail.
- I added notes about my file parsers to my technical rsearch notebook
- I added brief notes about robots.txt to my research notebook- robots.txt is key to understanding scraping
- I opened Chrome DevTools (for the first time ever), and walked through a tutorial on how to identify 3rd party data requests while visiting a site. I gleaned some high level information about how even browser identifiers and device information can be used as proxy information, but this session was really more about learning to navigate the Chrome DevTools and view the available unencrypted data (it is later encrypted for transmission).

## Plan for Upcoming Week
- Spend 30 minutes evaluating proposal and creating more focused objectives
- Spend 1 hour adding terms to a "project dictionary" document. I need to keep all of the new terms I am learning clearly defined for future reference
- Spend 1 hour 30 mins deep diving into the variety of ways different data parameter can be used IN THE CONTEXT OF MORTGAGE APPLICATIONS or other financial applications such as car loans. This should help me determine how to approach the HMDA data.

## Impediments
- I know so little about this subject that the more I learn, the more I realize I don't know. The scope of the project might be getting away from me, and I need to revisit my proposal and re-evaluate what I can accomplish that serves my orginal objectives. For example, I do not want to do a data science project on the HMDA data, although that would be interesting. I want to remain focused on learning about how data is collected and what kinds of proxies may be used by institutions. 

## Ideas for Process Improvement
- Re-evaluate proposal and where I am at. I am learning a lot, but it still feels more disorganized that I would like to be at this point.
- Focus in on the mortgage application aspect. 
