---
layout: single
author_profile: true
title: "Week 9 Update"
---

## Progress Since Last Post
- I got somewhat sidetracked exploring the CU Career Center and doing a complete re-write of my resume. I'm happy with investing that time though, because after throwing out the optimized resume to a handful of job applications, I have a phone interview on Monday afternoon for a Data Architect position! It's an opportunity that I am excited about, so I am doing some additional research and brushing up on my technical vocabulary ahead of the phone interview.    
- I also realized that there are only 3 weeks left until the final project report is due. I re-evaluated where I am at in my project plan and decided that I need to clean up some items that I have been neglecting. I reviewed and expanded my Project Dictionary, and added it to my project website. I also feel like I have gotten too far away from my original project proposal, and I need to refocus on identifying key parameters and associated data proxies. I also want to move towards brainstorming a plan for an actual application in the next few weeks.
- I began developing a table of parameters and associated proxies

## Plan for Upcoming Week
- Expand table of parameters and proxies- include derived proxies such as behavioral characteristics
- Create a Python demo of how proxy parameters can be combined to form highly accurate predictions

## Impediments
- I haven't arrived at any easy answers for sourcing data for this project, or for collecting the data of a user for analysis purposes

## Ideas for Process Improvement
- None at the moment
