---
layout: single
author_profile: true
title: "Week 10 Update"
---

## Progress Since Last Post
- I got some clarity on the data problem. The bottom line is that there is no readily available public data set for training the type of model I want to train. Apparently I am 8 years too late... the myPersonality dataset project that ran from 2013-2018 comes closest to what I want to do. I found the Apply Magic Sauce project, which is based on the myPersonality project, and reviewed the website. However, since I do not have a facebook page myself, I could not test the demo. I could potentially get my sister's permission to test using her facebook. Will have to look into that. I did find a GitHub repository (https://github.com/public-api-lists/public-api-lists) that provides a list of publicly available APIs. This could be helpful in terms of feature engineering and determining how to clean/categorize/aggregate data. I wish I had found this earlier in the semester. Although API data will not provide the ground truth-paired data necessary for a complete model, I can explore these APIs to see what kind of anonymized data is available and see what I might be able to do with it. 
- In terms of concept-proving for my application idea, I would need to focus narrowly on 1 particular type of data and gather data from consenting users. The only other viable option would be to purchase data from a data vendor or find a collaboration source, both of which are not very feasible. I am considering concept-proving using browser data on a small scale. The advantage to using browser data is more stability than using a particular social media export, since social media platform choices themselves have bias (age, gender, political affiliation, etc), and popularity can wax and wane. I suppose browser data has its own limitations. Still, I think using Chrome + Safari would capture a large percentage of users, especially since activity recorded on your mobile phone browser is linked to the same account as desktop browsing, so browser data has the advantage of capturing mobile and desktop activity in one data source.
- I began a document for application planning, but I have not published it on my website yet. I am still researching and refining my ideas. Even defining the shape and scope of the problems seems helpful at this point. I have also come across more terms to add to my project dictionary. All of this will be updated on the project website within the next 2 weeks. 
- Continued developing a table of parameters and associated proxies, including derived parameters.

## Plan for Upcoming Week
- Create a Python demo of how proxy parameters can be combined to form highly accurate predictions- I did not get to that this week and instead rolled with my momentum on application research. I still want to have this demo for my project though.
- Continue with application planning and research into associated problems and potential solutions. Investigate options for collecting data from consenting users in a secure manner- the reason myPersonality is no longer available is privacy concerns and related issues.
- Investigate at least 1 public API source, even if it something dumb or irrelevant. I want to understand the process from a technical standpoint. Document the process in Technical Research.

## Impediments
- Data and technical knowledge (lack thereof)

## Ideas for Process Improvement
- None at the moment
